RFA-CFA ET-1 Ischemia Project  
_Data visualization for (never-ending) **RC Project**._  

---

Figure 1: Experimental Overview  
  
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://prod-useast-a.online.tableau.com/javascripts/api/viz_v1.js'></script><div class='tableauPlaceholder' style='width: 800px; height: 850px;'><object class='tableauViz' width='800' height='850' style='display:none;'><param name='host_url' value='https%3A%2F%2Fprod-useast-a.online.tableau.com%2F' /> <param name='embed_code_version' value='3' /> <param name='site_root' value='&#47;t&#47;cplkumc' /><param name='name' value='RC-Project&#47;Fig_1-ExperimentOverview' /><param name='tabs' value='no' /><param name='toolbar' value='no' /><param name='showAppBanner' value='false' /><param name='display_spinner' value='no' /></object></div>
**Figure 1. Overview of sensor locations and experimental schedule.** _Top:_ Timeline of experiments. Each column represents a day relative to the electrode implant operation. Each grouping shows counts of alignment events for an individual exemplar animal by group. The exemplar animal from each group can be changed by selecting the entry from the dropdown box below. From top to bottom, events are coded as **Reach Start** (grey); **Grasp** (blue); **Support Movement** (red); or **Reach Complete** (green). Counts can be broken down by Successful, Unsuccessful, or both by ticking the corresponding checkboxes below. _Middle:_ Layouts of electrode channels corresponding to the selected animal. Electrodes were targeted to Caudal Forelimb Area (CFA; blue) ipsilateral to the preferred reaching forelimb, and contralateral Rostral Forelimb Area (RFA; yellow) using a combination of stereotaxic coordinates and intracortical microstimulation mapping (ICMS) consisting of 13-pulses delivered at 300-Hz with a biphasic pulse duration of 200-ms. Different shapes correspond to the movement that was evoked; displayed channels for different movement representations can be shown by ticking the corresponding **ICMS Movement** checkboxes. _Bottom:_ summary of average electrode stereotaxic location for microwire implants in each animal, based on average shank position.  

---  
  
Figure 2: Spike Rate Time-Series  
  
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://github.com/m053m716/RC-Data/blob/master/viz_v1.js'></script><div class='tableauPlaceholder' style='width: 800px; height: 800px;'><object class='tableauViz' width='800' height='800' style='display:none;'><param name='host_url' value='https%3A%2F%2Fprod-useast-a.online.tableau.com%2F' /> <param name='embed_code_version' value='3' /> <param name='site_root' value='&#47;t&#47;cplkumc' /><param name='name' value='RC-Project&#47;Fig_2-SpikeRateSeries' /><param name='tabs' value='no' /><param name='toolbar' value='no' /><param name='showAppBanner' value='false' /></object></div>
**Figure 2. Event-aligned spike rates.** All neurophysiological analyses performed in this study use the time-of-occurrence of multi-unit spike peaks relative to behavioral events of interest. Averaged across many trials with similar alignment, the spikes, which are biased to relate towards motor behavior due to the location of the recording arrays, may tend to occur more frequently when averaged across many trial realizations relative to some event of interest. Similarly, if a unit under consideration experiences inhibition at some time-locked instance relative to the generation of a particular behavior, we expect to see an apparent suppression of rate at that relative time point. In this figure, we have tagged behavioral events in which the pellet was placed in front of the rat and he had to reach out of the box to retrieve it using a learned flexion of the distal forelimb (digits), otherwise the pellet could not be lifted over an obstacle designed to prevent "dragging" of the pellet into the box. The events are defined as: _Reach_ (the first video frame in which the rat extended its paw out of the box); _Grasp_ (the first video frame in which the rat began to flex its digits about the pellet); _Support_ (the frame within an ongoing reach in which the rat made the largest movement of its non-reaching forelimb); or _Complete_ (the first frame wherein the rat returned its paw to the box). These events not only let us align neurophysiological data to perform coherent averages, but also act as a filter to remove "non-stereotyped" behaviors that may bias averages in the behavior due to the relatively unconstrained nature of the task. Similarly, other metadata was marked, such as whether the pellet was present or absent at the reach onset (trials in which the experimenter was placing the pellet while the rat reached for it were excluded, which accounts in some cases for the reduced number of successful or overall number of trials particularly for intact animals).  
